README.md, before:

# vReference Card collaboration hub
This project is a hub for the VMware community to obtain, review, update and create new vReference Cards. 

Currently the DCV version 6.0 is early work-in-progress. Once that has matured we can fork this off to start a 6.5 version and other cards.

## History
If you're not familiar with the vReference cards, you can a previous example here: http://www.vreference.com/vsphere-5-card/

The early cards were created with a variety of tools by Forbes Guthrie and published on his blog site, but the project has been migrated to GitHub to allow for wider colloboration and a much quicker update process.

## Card contents
The card contents are split into sections and created as markdown files which are easy to read and contain enough detail to create the vReference PDFs.

Here an easy Github Flavoured Markdown cheetsheet:
https://guides.github.com/pdfs/markdown-cheatsheet-online.pdf
another good one to refer to:
https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet

The files can be edited in any text editor such as Github's own [Atom](https://atom.io/), or Microsoft's Visual Studio Code

### Useful links  
[Visual Studio Code editor with Markdown]
(https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/languages/markdown)


## Converting to PDF
More instructions to follow

Many text editors can convert the markdown files to html and print as a basic PDF.

Future plan is to provide custom CSS which converts the markdown text and HTML tags and makes it look like a vReference card. Laterly, it's feasible to create slightly different CSS to produce A4, Letter and Full page versions.

Commit message:

Small updates in README to clarify current state

README.md, after:

# vReference Card collaboration hub
This project is a hub for the VMware community to obtain, review, update and create new vReference Cards. 

Currently the DCV version 6.0 is early work-in-progress. Once that has matured we can fork this off to start a 6.5 version and other cards.  See the README.md file in the root of the data-center-virtualization-6.0 folder for more details of the current work.

## History
If you're not familiar with vReference cards, you can see a previous example here: http://www.vreference.com/vsphere-5-card/

The early cards were created with a variety of tools by Forbes Guthrie and published on his blog site, but the project has been migrated to GitHub to allow for wider colloboration, a quicker update process, and the opportunity to grow into additional product areas.

## Card contents
The card contents are split into sections and created as markdown files which are easy to read, a low bar for contributors, and contain enough detail to create the vReference cards as PDFs.

Here is an easy Github Flavoured Markdown cheetsheet:
https://guides.github.com/pdfs/markdown-cheatsheet-online.pdf
and another good one:
https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet

The files can be edited in any text editor such as Github's own [Atom](https://atom.io/), or Microsoft's Visual Studio Code.  More comprehensive instructions will follow.

### Useful links  
[Visual Studio Code editor with Markdown support](https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/languages/markdown)

## Converting to PDF
More instructions to follow...

Many text editors can convert the markdown files to html and print as a basic PDF.

The plan is to create custom CSS which will provide formatting for the markdown text and HTML tags. This will produce PDF output similar to the original vReference cards. Laterly, it'll be feasible to create cards with slightly different formatting such as A4, Letter and Full page versions by just making minor modifications to the CSS.
