data-center-virtualization-6.0/REFERENCE_MATERIAL.md, before:

# Reference material for Data Center Virtualization 6.0 card

## vSphere 6.0 GA
### Primary documentation
[Configuration Maximums for vSphere 6.0](https://www.vmware.com/pdf/vsphere6/r60/vsphere-60-configuration-maximums.pdf)  
[Full 6.0 Documentation Archive (zip file)](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-admin-doc.zip)  
- [vSphere Installation and Setup Guide 6.0](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-installation-setup-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Upgrade Guide 6.0](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-upgrade-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Migration Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-vcenter-server-60-migration-guide.pdf)
- [vCenter Server and Host Management Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-host-management-guide.pdf)
- [vCenter Server Appliance Configuration Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-appliance-configuration-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Virtual Machine Administration Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-virtual-machine-admin-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Host Profiles Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-host-profiles-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Networking Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-networking-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Storage Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-storage-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Security Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-security-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Resource Management Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-resource-management-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Availability Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-availability-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Monitoring and Performance Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-monitoring-performance-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Single Host Management – VMware Host Client](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-html-host-client-18-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Administration with the vSphere Client Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-client-administration-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Troubleshooting](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-troubleshooting-guide.pdf)

### Release notes
- [vSphere 6.0 Release Notes](https://www.vmware.com/support/vsphere6/doc/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-release-notes.html)
- [vCenter Server 6.0.0a Release Notes](https://www.vmware.com/support/vsphere6/doc/vsphere-vcenter-server-600a-release-notes.html)
- [vCenter Server 6.0.0b Release Notes](https://www.vmware.com/support/vsphere6/doc/vsphere-vcenter-server-600b-release-notes.html)
- [ESXi 6.0.0b Release Notes](https://www.vmware.com/support/vsphere6/doc/vsphere-esxi-600b-release-notes.html)

### VUM
- [Installing and Administering VUM](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-update-manager-60-install-administration-guide.pdf)
- [Reconfiguring VMware vSphere VUM](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-update-manager-60-reconfig-guide.pdf)
- [Update Manager 6.0 Release Notes](https://www.vmware.com/support/vsphere6/doc/vsphere-update-manager-60-release-notes.html)
- [Update Manager 6.0.0.a Release Notes](https://www.vmware.com/support/vsphere6/doc/vsphere-update-manager-600a-release-notes.html)

### Additional links
- [What's New in vSphere 6.0](http://www.vmware.com/files/pdf/vsphere/VMW-WP-vSPHR-Whats-New-6-0-PLTFRM.pdf)
- [vSphere CLI Release Notes 6.0](https://www.vmware.com/support/developer/vcli/vcli60/vsp6_60_vcli_relnotes.html)
- [vSphere CLI Release Notes 6.0](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vcli/60/vsp6_602_vcli_relnotes.html)
- [Setup for Failover Clustering and Microsoft Cluster Service 6.0](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-setup-mscs.pdf)
- [Comparing the Configuration of vCenter Server Appliance 5.5 and 6.0](http://www.vmware.com/content/dam/digitalmarketing/vmware/en/pdf/techpaper/products/vsphere/vmware-vsphere-60-vcenter-server-appliance-55-60-comparison-technical-note.pdf)

What's New PDFs, CLI guides, addtional VMware products (VDP, vReplication, VUM)
https://www.vmware.com/support/pubs/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-6-pubs.html
https://www.vmware.com/support/pubs/vum_pubs.html


## vSphere 6.0 Update 1
### Primary documentation
[Full 6.0 U1 Documentation Archive (zip file)](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-admin-doc-601.zip)
- [vSphere Installation and Setup Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-installation-setup-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Upgrade Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-upgrade-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Migration Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-vcenter-server-601-migration-guide.pdf)
- [vCenter Server and Host Management Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-host-management-guide.pdf)
- [vCenter Server Appliance Configuration Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-appliance-configuration-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Virtual Machine Administration Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-virtual-machine-admin-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Host Profiles Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-host-profiles-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Networking Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-networking-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Storage Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-storage-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Security Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-security-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Resource Management Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-resource-management-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Availability Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-availability-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Monitoring and Performance Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-monitoring-performance-guide.pdf)
- vSphere Single Host Management – VMware Host Client: **currently not updated for U1**
- vSphere Administration with the vSphere Client Guide: **currently not updated for U1**
- [vSphere Troubleshooting](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-troubleshooting-guide.pdf)

### Release notes
- [vCenter Server 6.0 Update 1 Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-vcenter-server-60u1-release-notes.html)
- [vCenter Server 6.0 Update 1b Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-vcenter-server-60u1b-release-notes.html)
- [ESXi 6.0 Update 1a Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-esxi-60u1a-release-notes.html)
- [ESXi 6.0 Update 1b Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-esxi-60u1b-release-notes.html)

## VUM
- [Installing and Administering VUM 6.0 U1](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-update-manager-601-install-administration-guide.pdf)
- [Update Manager 6.0 Update 1 Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-update-manager-60u1-release-notes.html)
- [Update Manager 6.0 Update 1b Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-update-manager-60u1b-release-notes.html)

### Additional links
- [Setup for Failover Clustering and Microsoft Cluster Service 6.0 U1](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-setup-mscs.pdf)
What's New PDFs, CLI guides, addtional VMware products (VDP, vReplication, VUM)

## vSphere 6.0 Update 2
### Primary documentation
[Full 6.0 U2 Documentation Archive (zip file)](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-admin-doc-602.zip)

- [vSphere Installation and Setup Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-602-installation-setup-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Upgrade Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-602-upgrade-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Migration Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-vcenter-server-602-migration-guide.pdf)
- [vCenter Server and Host Management Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-602-host-management-guide.pdf)
- vCenter Server Appliance Configuration Guide: **currently not updated for U2**
- vSphere Virtual Machine Administration Guide: **currently not updated for U2**
- vSphere Host Profiles Guide: **currently not updated for U2**
- [vSphere Networking Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-602-networking-guide.pdf)
- vSphere Storage Guide: **currently not updated for U2**
- [vSphere Security Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-602-security-guide.pdf)
- vSphere Resource Management Guide: **currently not updated for U2**
- vSphere Availability Guide: **currently not updated for U2**
- vSphere Monitoring and Performance Guide: **currently not updated for U2**
- vSphere Single Host Management – VMware Host Client: **currently not updated for U2**
- vSphere Administration with the vSphere Client Guide: **currently not updated for U2**
- vSphere Troubleshooting: **currently not updated for U2**

### Release notes
- [vCenter Server 6.0 Update 2 Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-vcenter-server-60u2-release-notes.html)
- [vCenter Server 6.0 Update 2M Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-vcenter-server-60u2m-release-notes.html)
- [vCenter Server 6.0 Update 2a Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-vcenter-server-60u2a-release-notes.html)
- [ESXi 6.0 Update 2 Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-esxi-60u2-release-notes.html)

### VUM
- [Update Manager 6.0 Update 2 Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-update-manager-60u2-release-notes.html)
- [Update Manager 6.0 Update 2a Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-update-manager-60u2a-release-notes.html)

### Additional links
What's New PDFs, CLI guides, addtional VMware products (VDP, vReplication, VUM)


## Older "What's New" features since 5.0
5.1
5.5
http://www.jasongaudreau.com/2014/10/vcp550d-whats-new-with-vsphere-55-study.html

## Other

Commit message:

More updates to REFERENCE_MATERIAL.md

data-center-virtualization-6.0/REFERENCE_MATERIAL.md, after:

# Reference material for Data Center Virtualization 6.0 card

## vSphere 6.0 GA
### Primary documentation
[Configuration Maximums for vSphere 6.0](https://www.vmware.com/pdf/vsphere6/r60/vsphere-60-configuration-maximums.pdf)  
[Full 6.0 Documentation Archive (zip file)](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-admin-doc.zip)  
- [vSphere Installation and Setup Guide 6.0](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-installation-setup-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Upgrade Guide 6.0](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-upgrade-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Migration Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-vcenter-server-60-migration-guide.pdf)
- [vCenter Server and Host Management Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-host-management-guide.pdf)
- [vCenter Server Appliance Configuration Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-appliance-configuration-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Virtual Machine Administration Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-virtual-machine-admin-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Host Profiles Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-host-profiles-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Networking Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-networking-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Storage Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-storage-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Security Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-security-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Resource Management Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-resource-management-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Availability Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-availability-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Monitoring and Performance Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-monitoring-performance-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Single Host Management – VMware Host Client](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-html-host-client-18-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Administration with the vSphere Client Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-client-administration-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Troubleshooting](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-troubleshooting-guide.pdf)

### Release notes
- [vSphere 6.0 Release Notes](https://www.vmware.com/support/vsphere6/doc/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-release-notes.html)
- [vCenter Server 6.0.0a Release Notes](https://www.vmware.com/support/vsphere6/doc/vsphere-vcenter-server-600a-release-notes.html)
- [vCenter Server 6.0.0b Release Notes](https://www.vmware.com/support/vsphere6/doc/vsphere-vcenter-server-600b-release-notes.html)
- [ESXi 6.0.0b Release Notes](https://www.vmware.com/support/vsphere6/doc/vsphere-esxi-600b-release-notes.html)

### Additional links
- [What's New in vSphere 6.0](http://www.vmware.com/files/pdf/vsphere/VMW-WP-vSPHR-Whats-New-6-0-PLTFRM.pdf)
- [vSphere CLI Release Notes 6.0](https://www.vmware.com/support/developer/vcli/vcli60/vsp6_60_vcli_relnotes.html)
- [vSphere CLI Release Notes 6.0](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vcli/60/vsp6_602_vcli_relnotes.html)
- [Setup for Failover Clustering and Microsoft Cluster Service 6.0](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-60-setup-mscs.pdf)
- [Comparing the Configuration of vCenter Server Appliance 5.5 and 6.0](http://www.vmware.com/content/dam/digitalmarketing/vmware/en/pdf/techpaper/products/vsphere/vmware-vsphere-60-vcenter-server-appliance-55-60-comparison-technical-note.pdf)

What's New PDFs, CLI guides, addtional VMware products (VDP, vReplication, VUM)
https://www.vmware.com/support/pubs/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-6-pubs.html

### vSphere Update Manager (VUM)
- [Installing and Administering VUM](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-update-manager-60-install-administration-guide.pdf)
- [Reconfiguring VMware vSphere VUM](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-update-manager-60-reconfig-guide.pdf)
- [Update Manager 6.0 Release Notes](https://www.vmware.com/support/vsphere6/doc/vsphere-update-manager-60-release-notes.html)
- [Update Manager 6.0.0.a Release Notes](https://www.vmware.com/support/vsphere6/doc/vsphere-update-manager-600a-release-notes.html)

### Virtual SAN
https://www.vmware.com/support/pubs/virtual-san-pubs.html

### vSphere Replication
https://www.vmware.com/support/pubs/vsphere-replication-pubs.html

### vSphere Data Protection 
https://www.vmware.com/support/pubs/vdr_pubs.html


# Update material
We're still figuring out how best to handle the update material. Initially we're likely to add any changes these updates provide into a separate file, then determine if they should live as an add on section, find some way of pointing them out inline, or provide separate cards for each update.  This largely depends on the amount of content that would need to be changed.

## vSphere 6.0 Update 1
### Primary documentation
[Full 6.0 U1 Documentation Archive (zip file)](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-admin-doc-601.zip)
- [vSphere Installation and Setup Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-installation-setup-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Upgrade Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-upgrade-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Migration Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-vcenter-server-601-migration-guide.pdf)
- [vCenter Server and Host Management Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-host-management-guide.pdf)
- [vCenter Server Appliance Configuration Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-appliance-configuration-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Virtual Machine Administration Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-virtual-machine-admin-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Host Profiles Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-host-profiles-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Networking Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-networking-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Storage Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-storage-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Security Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-security-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Resource Management Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-resource-management-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Availability Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-availability-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Monitoring and Performance Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-monitoring-performance-guide.pdf)
- vSphere Single Host Management – VMware Host Client: **currently not updated for U1**
- vSphere Administration with the vSphere Client Guide: **currently not updated for U1**
- [vSphere Troubleshooting](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-troubleshooting-guide.pdf)

### Release notes
- [vCenter Server 6.0 Update 1 Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-vcenter-server-60u1-release-notes.html)
- [vCenter Server 6.0 Update 1b Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-vcenter-server-60u1b-release-notes.html)
- [ESXi 6.0 Update 1a Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-esxi-60u1a-release-notes.html)
- [ESXi 6.0 Update 1b Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-esxi-60u1b-release-notes.html)

### vSphere Update Manager (VUM)
- [Installing and Administering VUM 6.0 U1](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-update-manager-601-install-administration-guide.pdf)
- [Update Manager 6.0 Update 1 Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-update-manager-60u1-release-notes.html)
- [Update Manager 6.0 Update 1b Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-update-manager-60u1b-release-notes.html)

### Additional links
- [Setup for Failover Clustering and Microsoft Cluster Service 6.0 U1](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-601-setup-mscs.pdf)
What's New PDFs, CLI guides, addtional VMware products (VDP, vReplication, VUM)

## vSphere 6.0 Update 2
### Primary documentation
[Full 6.0 U2 Documentation Archive (zip file)](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-admin-doc-602.zip)

- [vSphere Installation and Setup Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-602-installation-setup-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Upgrade Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-602-upgrade-guide.pdf)
- [vSphere Migration Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-vcenter-server-602-migration-guide.pdf)
- [vCenter Server and Host Management Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-602-host-management-guide.pdf)
- vCenter Server Appliance Configuration Guide: **currently not updated for U2**
- vSphere Virtual Machine Administration Guide: **currently not updated for U2**
- vSphere Host Profiles Guide: **currently not updated for U2**
- [vSphere Networking Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-602-networking-guide.pdf)
- vSphere Storage Guide: **currently not updated for U2**
- [vSphere Security Guide](http://pubs.vmware.com/vsphere-60/topic/com.vmware.ICbase/PDF/vsphere-esxi-vcenter-server-602-security-guide.pdf)
- vSphere Resource Management Guide: **currently not updated for U2**
- vSphere Availability Guide: **currently not updated for U2**
- vSphere Monitoring and Performance Guide: **currently not updated for U2**
- vSphere Single Host Management – VMware Host Client: **currently not updated for U2**
- vSphere Administration with the vSphere Client Guide: **currently not updated for U2**
- vSphere Troubleshooting: **currently not updated for U2**

### Release notes
- [vCenter Server 6.0 Update 2 Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-vcenter-server-60u2-release-notes.html)
- [vCenter Server 6.0 Update 2M Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-vcenter-server-60u2m-release-notes.html)
- [vCenter Server 6.0 Update 2a Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-vcenter-server-60u2a-release-notes.html)
- [ESXi 6.0 Update 2 Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-esxi-60u2-release-notes.html)

### vSphere Update Manager (VUM)
- [Update Manager 6.0 Update 2 Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-update-manager-60u2-release-notes.html)
- [Update Manager 6.0 Update 2a Release Notes](http://pubs.vmware.com/Release_Notes/en/vsphere/60/vsphere-update-manager-60u2a-release-notes.html)

### Additional links
What's New PDFs, CLI guides, addtional VMware products (VDP, vReplication, VUM)


## Older "What's New" features since 5.0
5.1
5.5
http://www.jasongaudreau.com/2014/10/vcp550d-whats-new-with-vsphere-55-study.html

## Other
